1. P0: Write the permutations with stopping condition program yourself. Also implement it with an explicit stack.
2. P0: Re-read your writing of the story behind AUROC ([240317]). You should be able to recite the story and re-create the interpretation of the metric from scratch.
3. P1: Read upto example 4.5.1 of Ross.
4. P0: Write out the tree interpretation for optimal matrix chain and upload to obsidian.





4
the logic of this code is based on what the entries of the m matrix represent. they represent the cut off point for the left matrix being multiplied. 

the whole idea is that even when you multiply 5 matrices together, at the end of the day, the final multiplication will always be 2 matrices, a left and a right one. And those left and right matrices themselves may be compromised of their own sub left and right matrices. so it's a natural application of dynamic programming.

so for example if in m, an entry equals 2. it means that for row index i and column index j where that entry is, the left matrix being multiplied comprises of all matrix indices up until 2 (0 and 1) and the right matrix comprises of all matrix indices 2 and upwards (depends on how many matrices there are.

Now if the index of right and left are equal to each other, then it means we're just returning the actual matrix its referring to as they both are pointing to the same entry. And if right is 1 great than left, it means that we're referring to 2 matrices and that's essentially the base case of matrix multiplication. You need 2 matrices to perform matrix multiplication at minimum. And that's how this code below works.

~~~python
def reconstruct(left,right,m,matrices):
	if right-left == 1:
		return np.matmul(matrices[left],matrices[right])
	elif right-left == 0:
		return matrices[right]

	else:
		return np.matmul(reconstruct(left,m[left,right]-1,m,matrices),reconstruct(m[left,right],right,m,matrices))
~~~


