- Matrix chain multiplication: given the $s$ matrix and array of matrices in the chain, actually multiply them.
- String partition problem: how many dict lookups for a string of 2 characters, 3 characters, 4 characters in the final code? Is there a pattern?
- What is the space complexity of the memo object in your code? Can it be improved?
- Derive gamblers ruin problem.
- Complete Phoenix gamblers ruin problem.

Matrix chain things I'm confused about:
1. catalan numbers, I dont know this
2. Fortunately, there aren’t all that many distinct subproblems: just one subproblem
for each choice of i and j satisfying 1 <= i <= j <= n or (n choose 2) + n or O(n^2)



#matrixchainmultiplication #cormen #algorithms 

```Python
matrices = [np.random.rand(*(3,2)),np.random.rand(*(2,4)),np.random.rand(*(4,3)),np.random.rand(*(3,5))]



def recurse(s, i, j):
    if i == j:
        return matrices[i]

    k = s[i][j]

    left_matrix = recurse(s, i, k)
    right_matrix = recurse(s, k + 1, j)

    return multiply(left_matrix,right_matrix)
```

#wordbreak #leetcode
String Partition - for string of length 2 there are 2 prefix lookups. 
for string length of 3 there are 5 prefix lookups
for string length of 4 there are 9 prefix lookups


#phoenixgambler #ross
Ni is number of transitions to go from i to i+1
ui is the expected value of Ni. So the mean transitions it takes to go from i to i+1
Si is 1 if the first transition from state i is to i+1, otherwise it's Si is -1

The purpose of using E(Ni | Si) is because we are interested in the Variance of N and the conditional variance formula allows us to calculate the Variance of N using two terms involving conditional probabilities. Var(N) = E(Var(N|S)) + Var(E(N|S)). The second term is why we're taking E(Ni|Si).

Through algebra, we get that the Var(E(N|S)) = qp(μi−1 + μi)**2 

To get E(Var(N|S)) its not that hard because Var(N|S) only exists if Si = -1 and then it's just vi-1 + vi by the markovian property. The probability of Si = -1 is q so we get E(Var(N|S)) = q*(vi-1+vi)

Putting the two terms together for our conditional variance formula we get: vi = pq(μi−1 + μi)**2 + q(vi−1 + vi)


#spacecomplexity 

The space complexity of my algorithm's memo object is 
((n*(n+1))/2)-1. This is because it stores all substrings in the memo object. A way to make is O(N) is to use index values instead and then we can use an array with the corresponding indices as true or false.


