Happy new year!

Note linear algebra book and ML with probability course updated in [[Resources]].
# Algebra exercises
1. If $a^2-b^2=8$ and $ab=2$, find $a^4+b^4$.
2. $f(x)$ is a function s.t. $f(x)+3f(8-x) = x$. Find the value of $f(2)$.
3. There is a fourth degree polynomial, $f$. This polynomial is always greater than $y=x$. We further know that $f(2)=2$ and $f(4)=4$. Find any polynomial, $f$ that satisfies all of these conditions.
# Regular
1. P0: Prove that if we start from a vector specifying the probability of being in each state for a finite state Markov chain, prove that after going through any number of steps, the vector will remain a valid probability vector.
2. P1: When we solve the steady state equations of a Markov chain, we get $n+1$ equations but only $n$ variables (the steady state probabilities). Then, how is it that the system still has a unique solution? Don't we have more equations than variables? Either explain this. If you can't, write up a question on mathexchange.
3. P0: Read this blog: https://medium.com/towards-data-science/a-birds-eye-view-of-linear-algebra-why-is-matrix-multiplication-like-that-a4d94067651e. Explain to me why matrix multiplication is associative.
4. P0: Let's take a Markov chain that *isn't* irreducible. Does it have a steady states? What happens if you construct the steady state system of equations and solve them? Do we get a solution? What does the solution represent? Demonstrate with examples.
5. P0: Complete Q2 and Q4 from [[231231]].
6. P1: Explain why $X_1+X_2$ (where the two are i.i.d.) and $2X_1$ are not the same random variable. Which of them has larger variance? Which of them has a larger expected value?
7. P0: Leetcode graph question: https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/description/.
8. P2: Prove that the parenthesis theorem doesn't hold for BFS.