- Simulate generating two uniform random numbers and seeing if the three segments they create (between 0 and 1) can form a triangle. What probability do you get?
- Prove that the mid element of $n$ numbers when $n$ is odd will always be $(n+1)/2$.
- Complexity analysis for leetcode array jump problem. Time and space.
- Prove the white path theorem from CLRS.
- Gamblers ruin problem.. average time spent in state $2$ for $i=3$ and $n=6$. solve using mean time spent in transient states approach.



#simulation #probability 
```Python
import random
import numpy as np

array = []


for val in range(100000):
	number1 = random.uniform(0, 1)
	number2 = random.uniform(0, 1)


	if number1 < number2:
		length1 = number1
		length2 = number2-number1
		length3 = 1 - number2 
	else:
		length1 = number2
		length2 = number1 - number2 
		length3 = 1 - number1 


	if length1+length2 < length3 or length2+length3 < length1 or length1+length3 < length2:
		array.append(0)
	else:
		array.append(1)
print(np.mean(array))

```


#gamblersruin #probability 

```python
import numpy as np

n = 6  
p = 0.5  

PT = np.zeros((n-1, n-1))

for i in range(n):
    if i > 0:  
        PT[i, i-1] = 1 - p
    if i < n - 1:  
        PT[i, i+1] = p

I = np.eye(n)
I_minus_PT = I - PT
S = np.linalg.inv(I_minus_PT)

print(S[2][1])

```


#whitepaththeorem #dfs 

The white path theorem proof is divided into 2 steps. The first says that if v is a descendant of u, then there is a path of all white vertices from u to v. The base case is if u = v. Then obviously when u is first discovered it's white and v is also white. If v is a descendant of u, by corrolary 2.8, U.d is less than V.d. And since V can be any descendant of U not just the immediate next one, all the nodes in between U and V would be white too. (THIS LAST SENTENCE I'M NOT SURE HOW HE'S PROVING, HE JUST SAYS IT.)

The second part of the theorem says that if there is a path of all white vertices from u to v, then v is a descendant of u. To prove this, we imagine a scenario where there's a path of all white vertices from u to v but v is NOT a descendant of u. We assume that every other vertex along the path from u to v IS a descendant of u - just not v. We let W equal the node right before v in the path from u to v. We know that U.d < V.d < W.f < V.f < U.f, and by theorem 20.7 this shows that V.d to V.f is contained entirely inside U.d to U.f, which means its a descendant of U.