# Algebra exercises
1. Use the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_root_theorem to find all other roots (we know they are all rational) of $x^3 - 7x + 6$. Also, understand the proof of the theorem. Write it down in your own words.
1. If $16^x + 256^{x - 1} = 10$, find $2^{2x}$. Exponents multiply.
2. Solve for x the equation $\log_9 (x^3) = \log_2(8)$

# Regular
1. P1: what does it converge to? Derive on your own two ways (telescoping sums).
$$S = \frac{1}{1 \times 2 \times 3} + \frac{1}{2\times 3 \times 4}+\frac{1}{3\times 4 \times 5}+\dots$$
2) P1: The combinatorial term we encountered for the case of the 3-d random walk. Implement it in a numerically sound way in Python.
3) P0: People subscribe to and cancel to AI betting edge at discrete time intervals (beginning of every day). If there are $i$ subscribers already, the probability of a new subscriber is $\frac{.5^i}{1+.5^i}$. Each subscriber starts tossing a coin with probability $.1$ of heads every day after they subscribe. The day they get a heads is the day they unsubscribe. Once we get to 20 subscribers, we stop accepting new ones. You charge 50 dollars a month. In the steady state, how much income will you be making a month? You will need a computer for this one.
4) P1: Read section on breadth first trees, CLR.
5) P1: Watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZA4JkHKZM50 and make notes.
6) P0: Make a list of the different species of Markov chains we encountered in chapter 4. Describe what you understand of each of them.

# Challenges
1) $S_j = \sum\limits_{i=1}^n\frac{1}{i.(i+1)\dots (i+j-1)}$
2) Infinite version of Markov chain for subscribers. No limit on 20 subscribers.