1) P0: DFS with stack: https://walkccc.me/CLRS/Chap22/22.3/
2) P0: You suspect Balmer is going to pick according to some probability distribution: $p_1, p_2, \dots, p_{100}$. How do you come up with optimal strategy? Read CLR chapter on dynamic programming and identify the section.
3) P0: Create your resume and add it to Obsidian.
4) P0: Prove that the solution for min change can't make problem works with induction.
5) P0: Start making progress on adding friction to the unsubscribe page. 
	1) Future: Your website should have a stage version you can test locally.
	2) This week: On the front end, add a pop-up when the button is pressed with a message and another button that actually unsubscribe.
	3) Future: There should be 2 buttons on the pop-up. One of them should unsubscribe immediately and the other should reduce the rate to 25 dollars a month forever.
	4) Future: Add a timer to the unsubscribe button where after 3 months, the rate reverts.
6) P1: Read example 4.25 of Ross.

7) P1: Find the bug in your computation of 4.24. Here is mine:
~~~
In [**1**]: pi1=3/16

In [**2**]: pi2=1/4

In [**3**]: pi1/(pi1+pi2)*1/2+pi2/(pi1+pi2)*(1/2+1/4)
Out[**3**]: 0.6428571428571428

In [**4**]: 1/0.6428571428571428
Out[**4**]: 1.5555555555555558

## Let's check with Ross answer.
In [**5**]: 14/9
Out[**5**]: 1.5555555555555556
~~~

# Thoughts about AI betting edge
For your website to be a transient Markov chain (and not recurrent), we need to take it out of steady state. The rate at which subscribers comes in is $\lambda$ subs a month and the rate at which they un-subscribe is $\mu$. We want to make $\lambda$ increase and $\mu$ decrease.
1) Making $\mu$ decrease.
	1) Of course, making the model and picks better will make $\mu$ go down. But that is a law of diminishing returns.
	2) Add some friction to the un-subscribe page. Show them a pop-up reminding them that they will lose access to the course as well. Also, offer them a discounted rate of 25 bucks a month for 3 months. After that, they'll revert to the regular rate.
	3) Complete the course and make sure it is clearly visible on the front page for subscribers. Also market it during the signup process.
2) Making $\lambda$ increase.
	1) Increase the menu of offerings similar to Patreon. 50 dollars a month is a lot. Add options for 25 dollars a month, 10 dollars a month.
	2) Write one LinkedIn and Twitter post every week talking about sports betting. At the bottom of the posts, link to AI betting edge.





1 keywords: dfs, stack, recursion
~~~python
def dfs_no_recursion(graph,node):
	global time
	stack = deque()
	stack.append(node)
	node.color = 'Gray'
	time+=1 
	node.d_time = time

	while stack:
		top = stack[-1]
		first_white = first_white_node(graph,top)

		if first_white==None:
			time+=1
			stack.pop()
			top.color='Black'
			top.f_time = time
		else:
			time+=1
			first_white.pi = top
			first_white.color = 'Gray'
			first_white.d_time = time
			stack.append(first_white)

def first_white_node(graph,node):
    for val in graph[node]:
        if val.color=='White':
            return val
    return None


dfs_no_recursion(graph,nodes[5])

for node in nodes:
	print(node.name, node.d_time,node.f_time,node.color)

~~~



2. strategy 1 [$2 -> 5%, $98 -> 5%, everything else uniform]
	strategy 2 [all the numbers where we know we lose money to ballmer, their probability should be 20% more than all the other numbers]

3. done 

4 keywords: proof, induction, min change cant make, coin change, cant make
Let S be equal to the sum of  N coins and assume you can make change from 0 to S. We need to show when we add the N+1th coin, we can make all change from 0 to (S + N+1th coin)

Base case. You have only 1 coin. S is equal to that 1 coin. Running sum is 0. If S is 1, the code returns 2. If S is > 1, then it's greater than running_sum+1 so it returns 1.

When you add a new coin, there are 3 scenarios, it's either equal to S, less than S, or greater than S.

Since we've assumed we can make all values from 0 to S, the only scenario where we can't make all values from S+1 to (S+N+1th coin) in if the N+1th coin is more than 1 bigger than S. It causes a gap in the incrementing. 



7. Bug in code was that i misread and thought pi1 was 3/10 instead of 3/16. 