- Binary tree max path. Prove [this solution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yEyz6IqDac&t=727s) is correct.
- Explain why the optimal solution of the Simplex method must lie on corners of Simplex? How many corners are there?
- Ross chapter 3 law of total expectation read and explain.
- Blitzstein and Huang section 1.9 exercises 6, 7, 17.
   - Hint for 17: replace ${n \choose k}^2$ with ${n \choose k}{n \choose {n-k}}$
   - Hint for 7 last part: what must happen in the last game?

For the simplex, we need the number of rows to be less than the number of columns. the number of columns represent the dimension of the space we're in. if we have more rows than columns, we have more constraints than variables and there is no solution to the system. so say we have 2 rows and 4 columns. that means we are now working with a 2d hyperplane in 4d space (because 4-2 = 2). Now this hyperplane is not a simplex yet because it extends infinitely in the 2 dimensions. Once we add inequalities, we get a simplex because we essentially cut off the plane at certain places, forming edges and corners. Now, $C^Tx$
is our objective function. Say we have a plane $C^Tx$ = 0. Now say we have one vector x1 that satisfies $C^Tx$=0. If we choose a random direction vector d and add that to x1, we get $C^t(x1+d)$  and once we distribute $C^t$ we see that unless the random vector d is in the same plane as x1 (almost surely not), adding $C^t*d$ and subtracting $C^t*d$ leads do a positive and negative change. So we have shown that if we move in a random direction, our objective function either goes up or goes down.

Now let's relate this to the simplex idea. The simplex plane is DIFFERENT from the objective function plane. The simplex is our constraints, we can't move out of it. When we're inside the simplex (imagine being inside a house), we can move in infinite forward and backward directions. Unless this forward and backward direction is the exact same direction as our objective function (almost surely not), we can increase or decrease our objective function by moving inside the simplex. That means that inside the simplex cannot be our optimum point. 

If we're on an edge (think about the wall of a house), there are two directions we can move in, and one will increase the objective function and one will decrease it. 

If we're at a vertex (think where two walls meet in your house), then we cannot move in two directions, and one of those directions is going to be minimize or maximize our objective function. 
